*Tags*:  [[log]] [[Devin]]

### Log Entry

Finally home from Devin's place. I spent about two and a half days there, and it was otherwise romantic when it prooooobably shouldn't have been.

The first night was election night (November 5th), where I showed up for VGO and then to watch the election at Devins. Some drama went down; namely, Jordan stated he voted for Trump which harshed the vibes massively in the room for Felina and Diane. Devin was also disappointed but less because of political leanings and more because he wanted Jordan to take his vote seriously. Devin and I spent that night watching Trump win, followed by Zelda for comfort until we went to bed around 2AM.

The next day (November 6th) was an entire day with Devin. I originally planned to leave in the morning but Devin got a notice that a HUGE fire was burning near his hometown, the Mountain Fire. I stayed because Devin was clearly in some level of despair, at one point crying a bit into my arms. I felt really bad. I decided to stay the rest of the day because regardless of our relationship status, I still care about him and he needed the comfort. We played a lot of Zelda, and in the evening I played Harry Potter: The Chamber of Secrets while Devin watched. Afterwards, we played mario 3d world together, which honestly kicked both of our asses lol.

Finally, today was comprised of Celeste and preparing to get our days going. Devin wanted me to stay the night again to help him tidy this evening, but I declined because it would mean staying both today AND tomorrow, which is a whole two days of feeling somewhat trapped. I decided to go home and well here I am. I'm happy I made that decision because I 1) stood up for myself and 2) got to do what I actually wanted to do, which is 3D print, make coffee, and fill out obsidian.

### To-Do

N/A